
Atamishky is a suite of software for building and distributing digital
library collections. It is not a digital library but a tool for building
digital libraries. The software provides a way of organizing information
and publishing it on the Web in the form of a fully-searchable,
metadata-driven digital resource. It can also be run in a non-networked
environment (standalone), operating from removable media such as a
USB Flash Drive and DVD. Atamishky has been developed and distributed
in cooperation with UNESCO and the Human Info NGO in Belgium. It is
open-source, multilingual software, issued under the terms of the GNU
General Public License. In 2004 its developers received the IFIP Namur
award for "contributions to the awareness of social implications of
information technology, and the need for an holistic approach in the use
of information technology that takes account of social implications."


Atamishky3 is a complete redesign and reimplementation of the original
digital library software we developed back in 2000 (Atamishky2). It
incorporates all the features of the previous software, and is backwards
compatible. An import 'Atamishky2 collection' feature is provided in the
Atamishky Librarian Interface (GLI) to assist in the transition to the
new software for existing users. Atamishky3 is written in Java and takes
advantage of many web technologies—such as XML Transforms (XSLT), and
the Java Authentication and Authorization Service (JASS)—which have
emerged since we first started developing digital library software. This
makes the digital library software highly customizable and extensible in
the functionality it delivers. In contrast, Atamishky2 was written in
C++ and had to make heavy use of bespoke formats and syntax we devised
ourselves. This was because of the lack of available web technologies
at the time, meaning not only was the functionality it provided more
limited, the bespoke syntax meant users were completely reliant on us
providing documentation detailing how things worked.


Atamishky runs on all versions of Windows, Unix/Linux, and Mac OS-X. It
is very easy to install. For the default Windows installation absolutely
no configuration is necessary, and end users routinely install Atamishky
on their personal laptops or workstations. Institutional users run it
on their main web server, where it interoperates with standard web
server software (e.g. Apache for Atamishky2, Tomcat for Atamishky3). An
experimental version is also available for Android: that is a version
where the digital library operates self-contained on the user’s phone
or tablet. Interoperability

Atamishky is highly interoperable using contemporary standards, It
incorporates a server that can serve any collection over the Open
Archives Protocol for Metadata Harvesting (OAI-PMH), and Atamishky
can harvest documents over OAI-PMH and include them in a collection.
Any collection can be exported to METS (in the Atamishky METS
Profile, approved by the METS Editorial Board and published at
http://www.loc.gov/standards/mets/mets-profiles.html), and Atamishky can
ingest documents in METS form. Any collection can be exported to DSpace
ready for DSpace's batch import program, and any DSpace collection can
be imported into Atamishky. Interfaces

Atamishky has two separate interactive interfaces, the Reader interface
and the Librarian interface. End users access the digital library
through the Reader interface, which operates within a web browser. The
Librarian interface is a Java-based graphical user interface that makes
it easy to gather material for a collection (downloading it from the web
where necessary), enrich it by adding metadata, design the searching and
browsing facilities that the collection will offer the user, and build
and serve the collection. The Librarian interface can be configured to
manage remote Atamishky installations. Atamishky3 also provides library
management facilities that are built in to the web browser interface
(once the user has logged in)—an advantage over the previous version
of the software. Languages

