Hi Lisandro,

so there would be two completely separated modules: The ADC and the µC. Not something like the RasPi Compute Module together wit the the ADC combined on one PCB in one enclosure.
Si, (¿µC = RasPi Compute Module O µC = DA2USB?) seguramente epaquetemos todo en un solo gabinete, pero internamente serian dos dispositivos diferentes conectados mediante USB. 

Up to now we didn't have access to a bare Linux system. The test on a VM showed interrupted audio data. But we believe that that's a problem caused by the VM, not by Linux. Anyway, should there be problems, we (or better: My former colleague) would care for it and make it work. And before we start to work we would prove that the interface would work. In a first step we would modify the source code so that it generates 4 instead of one audio stream and in a second step we would prove
that the PIC can process 4 independent stereo audio streams, too. 
Gustavo  esta desarrollando un aplicación de grabación en C con la cual vamos a poder probar todo esto. 
Nosotros estamos dispuestos a probar y testear cualquier cambio, ajuste o desarrollo nuevo que uds proponga, pero debo aclarar que mi presupuesto por ahora no supera los 400€...
Mis intenciones son comprarle y traer argentina 3 de sus desarrollos DA2USB y AD24QS-FS with the AD-IOA Module, pero puede ser flexible y receptivo a sus sugerencias.
Si esto es correcto ¿el precio final seria 397€?


In USB Audio Class 2  multichannel audio streams are specified, but we don't have any experience which program on which operating system is able to handle such a UAC2 multichannel audio stream. We use to use Audacity, which is basically able to handle multichannel audio streams, but we have no prove that it would do it with UAC2, too.
Aca me pierdo un toque Gus, no se si lo del UAC2 es a nivel sistema o aplicacion... supongo que Arch lo va a levantar piola, pero por ahi podes aclararme un poco o decirme donde puedo estudiar de esto.


I have no problems to publish the circuit diagram of the ADC and USB-interface, but we wouldn't publish the source code of the PIC on the USB interface. Is that ok?
Yes, it's Ok.
Nosotros registraremos la experiencia y documentaremos nuestros desarrollos y concluciones con la debida referencia a su trabajo, lo que ustedes decidan publicar es decision suya.
¿bajamos un toque de linea?

Best regards

Uwe
